So will we yet

Sae Will We Yet
  (Walter Watson/Tony Cuffe (ca. 1854))

Sit doon here my cronies, and gie us your crack
Let the wind tak' the care o' this life on its back
Oor hearts tae despondency we never will submit
For we've aye been provided for, and sae will we yet

   And sae will we yet, and sae will we yet
   For we've aye been provided for, and sae will we yet

So fill us a tankard o' nappy brown ale
It'll comfort our hearts and enliven the tale
For we'll aye be the merrier the langer that we sit
For we drank thegither mony's the time, and sae will we yet

   And sae will we yet, and sae will we yet
   For we drank thegither mony's the time, and sae will we yet

Here's a health to the farmer, and prosper his plough
Rewarding his eident toils a' the year through
For the seed-time and harvest we ever will get
For we've lippen'd aye tae Providence, and sae will we yet

   And sae will we yet, and sae will we yet
   For we've lippen'd aye tae Providence, and sae will we yet

So fill up your glass, let the bottle gae roun'
For the sun it will rise, tho' the moon hae gaen doon
And tho' the room be rinnin roun' aboot, it's time enough tae flit
When we fell we aye got up again, and sae will we yet

   And sae will we yet, and sae will we yet
   When we fell we aye got up again, and sae will we yet
   
 SAE WILL WE YET

Sit ye down here, my cronies, and gie us your crack;
Let the win' tak' the care o' this life on its back.
Our hearts to despondency we never will submit,
For we've aye been provided for, and sae will we yet.
And sae will we yet, and sae will we yet,
For we've aye been provided for, and sae will we yet.

Let the miser delight in the hoarding of pelf,
Since he has not the soul to enjoy it himself;
Since the bounty of Providence is new every day,
As we journey through life, let us live by the way.
Let us live by the way, let us live by the way,
As we journey through life, let us live by the way.

Then bring us a tankard o' nappy gude ale,
For to comfort our hearts and enliven the tale;
We'll aye be the happier the langer we sit,
For we've drank together mony a time, and sae will we yet.
And sae will we yet, and sae will we yet,
We've drank together mony a time, and sae will we yet.

Success to the farmer, and prosper his plough,
Reward his eident toiling a' the year through!
Our seed-time and harvest we ever will get,
And we've lippen'd aye to Providence, and sae will we yet
And sae will we yet, and sae will we yet,
We've lippen'd aye to Providence, and sae will we yet.

Long live the King, and happy may he be,
And success to his forces by land and by sea!
His enemies to triumph we never will permit,
Britain's aye been victorious, and sae will we yet.
And sae will we yet, and sae will we yet,
Britain's aye been victorious, and sae will we yet.

Let the glass keep its course and go merrily roun';
For the sun has to rise, though the moon it goes down:
Till the house be rinnin' roun' about its time enough toflit;
When we fell we aye got up again, and sae will we yet.
And sae will we yet, and sae will we yet,
When we fell we aye got up again, and sae will we yet.

Written by Walter Watson, who was born at Chryston, near Glasgow, in 1780, and died at Kirkintilloch in 1854.

So Will we yet


So Will we yet

     Gno3                   Dno3         C
Come sit down beside us and give us your craic
        Gno3                          Csus4  Dno3     Gno3          
Let the wind lift the burden of this life up off your back
		Gno3                     Csus2       D/A      
For our hearts to despondency we never shall submit
          Gno3        Dno3             Csus4   Asus4  Dno3/A
For we’ve always been provided for and so will we     yet 

	Gno3                Dno3        Csus2    
And so will we yet, and sae will we yet
      Gno3        Dno3             C       Asus4 Dno3/A
We’ve always been provided for and so will we    yet 

So fill up your tankards with nappy brown ale
It'll comfort our heart and enliven the tale
For we'll know we will be merrier the longer that we sit
For we've drunk together manys the time, and so will we yet..


Here's a health to the farmer, who prospers the plough
Rewarding his ardent toil all the year around
For in seed-time and harvest-time we ever shall get
For we've left it all to providence, and so will we yet

 
Come lift up your voices with laughter and song
May your days be brighter and your nights not so long
For your joys were welcome here, as woes you would forget
And when you wept we wept with you and so will we yet.

So fill up your glasses, let the bottle go round
For the sun it will rise up, tho' the moon has gown down
And tho' the room be spinning round about, we've time enough to flit
When we fell we all got up again, and so will we yet

   



