When the Boys are on Parade

                G                                              C
Here they come marching past the houses, Shiny boots and khaki blouses
             Em                C                  C        D            Em 
Stiff as the creases in their trousers, Standing tall and straight and strong
          G                                                     C
And they all keep in step together, Glint of steel and flash of leather
        Em             C              C       D    G
Braving every kind of weather As they boldly march along.

        G          C    G             G          C      G
You can dismiss it as a ploy, For the enlistment of the boys
		       Em                C                 C         D      Em	
Who'll be impressed to see the toys, And play the games that can be played.
            G            D                G    (D)          C
And you may well prefer abstention, But I feel compelled to mention
         Em          C                   C        D  G
You'd do well to pay attention, When the boys are on parade.


Look at your sons: before they're older, They'll be stronger; they'll be bolder
Just the thing to make a soldier, And we'll turn them into men.
And they'll be taught to follow orders, Keep the peace and guard the borders
To protect us from marauders, And defend us to the end.

But the position they'll be filling, Is to be able and be willing
To be killed or do the killing, When there's a price that must be paid.
And you may well prefer abstention, But I feel compelled to mention
You'd do well to pay attention, When the boys are on parade.


In the pursuit of a community, Of decency and unity
And equal opportunity, We stand prepared to fight
And if there's a threat to our position, From aggressive opposition
Then, with guns and ammunition, We'll repel with all our might.

And we'll dehumanise and hate them., Send in the troops to decimate them
As in the name of all the nation, All it stands for is betrayed.
And you may well prefer abstention, But I feel compelled to mention
You'd do well to pay attention, When the boys are on parade.


For merely the whim or intuition, Of an elected politician
Makes a melée, with no conditions, Once the monster quits the cage.
It's a machine that gives no quarter, Dealing death and sowing slaughter,
Raping mothers, wives and daughters, In an all-consuming rage.

And we may well believe we need it, And we'll pay to arm and feed it.
But can you tell me who will lead it, When the decisions must be made?
And you may well prefer abstention, But I feel compelled to mention
You'd do well to pay attention, When the boys are on parade.


Some will wonder what's to fear, And say that there's no danger here
But there has never been a year, When soldiers haven't been at war.
And all the evil executions, And the bloody revolutions
And the ultimate solutions too, Have all been seen before.

And there's always someone scheming, And sometimes at night when dreaming
In the distance I hear screaming, And in my heart I feel afraid
And you may well prefer abstention, But I feel compelled to mention
You'd do well to pay attention, When the boys are on parade.


Here they come marching past the houses, shiny boots and khaki blouses
Stiff as the creases in their trousers, Standing tall and straight and strong
And is it any cause for pride, That now the women march beside them?
Will there be wiser Gods to guide them, In discerning right from wrong?


			G          C     G              G          C        G
And as the procession passes by, Consider the sight before your eyes
'Cos it'll be you they kill and die for, If they are called to the crusade
For you may love them and adore them, You may hate them and abhor them.
But for God's sake don't ignore them, When the boys are on parade


(Skipping this verse)
For every step is a reminder, Of the threat that lies behind
If we forget the ties that bind us, When the authentic game is played.
And you may well prefer abstention, But I feel compelled to mention
You'd do well to pay attention When the boys are on parade.
